---
layout: post
title: Bayes' week - week 9
date: 2018-03-18
published: true
categories: GA weeks
tags:
---

Only 3 weeks and 2 days left!

This week was the second worst week so far. Week 4 was the worst because it was too much stuff to learn and do. This week was bad in another way. I think it’s a combination of that we all are tired after 9 very intense weeks and that the topic of this week was very abstract. Endless lessons with at 40 slides and not that much code. And also, if you did not have a math background, the math under the hood was somewhat hard to grasp. On top of that project 5 is a new group project and we are all starting to stress out about our capstone projects. 

Ok, so what was this week about. The topic of this week was Bayes’ as in Bayes’ Theorem/Bayes’ Rule. And to quote one of the instructors from this week: “You might use Bayes’ a lot or not at all. But Bayes’ is the future so I suggest that you try to keep up as best as you can.”

What topics did we cover within Bayes’: Introduction to what it is, Bayesian inference, Beta+Binomial and MLE, Bayes Regression and PyMC, MCMC. We also covered 2 of topic things; Missing data and Recommender systems. The thing is that I found both of them quite interesting. I know the formula for Bayes’ theorem I know the basic when to code it. I do not fully grasp the math behind the code. I guess I just have to live with that for now. 

Next week the topic is Spatiotemporal Data Analysis. I think it can be a good week. I somewhat know time series from before. But it has been many years since I saw it last, like 10 or so. I did major in Macroeconomics and Finance and should be very familiar with moving average and I did also take a statistics class that was about forecasting, time series and regression.  I hope it will all come back to me Monday morning...one can always hope at least :)

/yhpf

