---
layout: post
title: Are you in or out of the loop?! - week 10
date: 2018-03-25
published: true
categories: GA weeks
tags:
---

Some days I don’t know. A lot is going on at this point. It has been a somewhat different week. The topic for this week has been Spatiotemporal Data Analysis, and it’s nothing strange with that. We have covered Correlated data, Time series data, ARMA, ARIMA, Spatial data and Spatiotemporal data. 

But then what, what made this week different from other weeks? To begin with we had a snow day last Wednesday. The campus was closed but we had a spontane group exercise with everyone remotely connected instead of a normal lesson.  For someone from Sweden a snow day is kind of funny. Just imagine if the Swedish schools would close down every time we had some snow. Would not be that much school during the winter :) 

The second big thing this week was the Hackathon at Deloitte. It was the first time GA and Deloitte did this in New York. They have done it before in Washington DC. It was a hard case, but at the same time it was very fun and educational. A big thank you to everyone at Deloitte that made this possible!

This weekend is all about stressing out about all the things that are piling up. We have final exam on Monday. The more I recap the more I feel that I do not know anything. On Monday we also have a presentation of project 5. On top of that it’s the never ending bad conscious about not working on the capstone project.  

Most of the time you come out on top of things. Let’s hope that will be the case for the next 2,5 weeks as well. 

/yhpf


